Python: Getting Started asyncpg (#7804)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/python/common/configuration/integrations/asyncpg.mdx

sentry_sdk.init(
    dsn="___PUBLIC_DSN___",
    # Set traces_sample_rate to 1.0 to capture 100%
    # of transactions for performance monitoring.
    traces_sample_rate=1.0,
    integrations=[
        AsyncPGIntegration(),
    ],
)
```

## Verify

```python
import asyncpg

async def main():
    sentry_sdk.init(...)  # same as above

    with sentry_sdk.start_transaction(name="testing_sentry"):
        conn = await asyncpg.connect(DATABASE_URL)
        await conn.fetch("SELECT * FROM pg_catalog.pg_tables;")
        await conn.close()

asyncio.run(main())
```

> This will create a transaction called `testing_sentry` in the Performance section of Sentry and will create spans for the `connect` and the `SELECT` operations.
> 
> It takes a couple moments until the data shows up in Sentry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will create a transaction called `testing_sentry` in the Performance section of Sentry and create spans for the `connect` and the `SELECT` operations.

It takes a couple of moments for the data to appear in Sentry.
```
